feat: multiple selectors in configuration (#78)
CGI-FR/PIMO: README.md

      - remove: true
```

> Masks can be applied on multiple jsonpath locations, like in this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Masks can be applied on multiple selectors, like in this example:
```
